abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
Bad habits are like a comfortable bed: easy to get into but hard to get out of.
Be careful who you trust; salt and sugar look the same.
Be selfish with your time; a lot of people don't deserve it.
Before something great happens, everything falls apart.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Discipline is choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
Discipline makes today hard but tomorrow easier.
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not let anyone have anything that could harm you.
Do what no one else can do, and you will become what no one else can become.
Done is better than perfect.
Don't depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.
Don't get burned twice by the same flame.
Don't give up; you are closer than you think.
Don't let anyone ever make you feel like you don't deserve what you want.
Don't let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Don't react; cut them off silently.
Don't ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday; Let it go.
Don't rush the process; trust it.
Don't share your personal life with anyone; Don't let anyone have anything that could harm you.
Embrace solitude as a time for reflection and self-discovery.
Embrace the glorious mess that you are.
Excuses make today easier but tomorrow harder.
Fear is temporary; regret is forever.
First, it hurts, then it makes you stronger.
For your peace of mind, don't let people know too much about you.
Great things take time.
Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.
Hardship often prepares an ordinary person for an extraordinary destiny.
Have patience; All things are difficult before they become easy.
If it keeps you happy, keep it quiet.
If people treat you like an option, leave them like a choice.
If someone tells you you can't, they're showing you their limits, not yours.
If you are not falling down occasionally, you are just coasting.
If you don't control your mind, someone else will.
If you don't let go of the wrong people, you'll never meet the right ones.
If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit.
If you live for people's acceptance, you will die from their rejection.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
It's a slow process, but quitting won't speed it up.
Just be real; it saves everyone's time.
Just let it be; if it's meant to be, it will happen.
Keep a small circle, private life, and peaceful mind.
Learn to heal without venting to everyone.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
Life's most significant achievements often emerge from the depths of adversity.
Mistakes are stepping stones, not stumbling blocks; Learn from them and move forward.
Most people don't care, and some secretly want you to fail.
Never be embarrassed to struggle; there is absolutely no shame in working hard to get to where you want to be.
No one is too busy; it's only a matter of priorities.
One day, you'll see why God made you wait.
Playing it safe is the most dangerous thing you can do in life.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Remember, 5 years ago, you dreamed about being where you are now.
Remember, five years ago, you dreamed about being where you are now; think about it.
Remember, health is another form of wealth.
Remember, some of the best times of your life haven't even happened yet.
Rowing harder doesn't help if the boat is headed in the wrong direction.
Sacrifice a few years of comfort for decades of freedom.
Self-care is not selfish; it's essential for a balanced and fulfilling life.
Sharing your accomplishments is essential, but avoid the pitfall of oversharing every minor success.
Silence is the best answer to someone who doesn't value your words.
Small circle, private life, and peaceful mind.
So many people love you; don't focus on the people who don't.
Someone else's progress doesn't make yours any less.
Sometimes being alone is the best medicine to your soul.
Sometimes we create our own heartbreaks through expectation.
Sometimes, being alone is the best medicine for your soul.
Stay calm; you've been through this before, you'll get through it again.
Stop telling people everything; most people don't care, and some secretly want you to fail.
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted.
Success is what happens after you've survived all your mistakes.
Take care of your body; remember, health is another form of wealth.
Talking without thinking is like shooting without aiming.
The fact that you aren't where you want to be should be enough motivation.
The moment you let go of your discipline is the moment you give up on yourself.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
The value of time becomes evident when it's gone; use it wisely.
There are two types of pains, one that hurts you and the other that changes you.
There is absolutely no shame in working hard to get to where you want to be.
There will always be someone who doesn't see your worth; don't let it be you.
Time always exposes what you truly mean to someone.
Value experience over possessions because memories are the real treasures of life.
We fall, we break, we fail, but then we rise, we heal, we overcome.
What comes easy won't last; what lasts won't come easy.
Winners focus on winning; losers focus on winners.
Work at your job and make a living; work on yourself and make a fortune.
Worrying about losing is losing before you begin.
You don't get paid for the hour; you get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
You'll grow mentally weak when your life is too comfortable.
Your future needs you; your past doesn't.
Your past is a place to learn and grow, not a place to live.
Your strongest muscle and worst enemy is your mind; train it well.
Your vision will be blurry, but it will grow clear with time.
Your worst enemy might just be someone you trust the most.
You're being judged no matter what, so be who you want to be.
You've been through this before; you'll get through it again.
The calmer you are, the clearer you think.
Accept what is, let go of what was, have faith in what will be.
The moment when you want to quit is the moment when you need to keep pushing.
Focus on improving yourself, not proving yourself.
Two things define you: your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything.
Don't quit.
Nothing lasts forever, not even pain.
Control your thoughts or your thoughts will control you.
Become a ghost, forget attention, just grow in private.
Push yourself to be your best.
No one else is going to do it for you.
Keep it private until it's permanent.
You only fail when you stop trying.
Everyone leaves.
Learn how to survive alone.
Surround yourself with people who talk about visions and ideas, not people.
Sometimes when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place.
Some people are like clouds, when they disappear, it's a beautiful day.
Value your peace of mind.
You can't reach what's in front of you until you let go of what's behind you.
To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst.
Life is like an elevator, on your way up, sometimes you have to stop and let some people off.
Weak people revenge, strong people forgive, intelligent people ignore.
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.
What consumes your mind controls your life.
If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.
Admit when you're wrong, shut up when you're right.
Only trust someone who can see these three things in you: the sorrow behind your smile, the love behind your anger, and the reason behind your silence.
If your absence doesn't affect them, your presence never mattered.
Work for a cause, not for applause.
Live life to express, not to impress.
Once you realize you deserve better, letting go will be the best decision ever.
Always know the difference between what you're getting and what you deserve.
Don't be afraid of being different, be afraid of being the same as everyone else.
The truth doesn't cost anything, but a lie could cost you everything.
Sometimes your circle decreases in size, but increases in value.
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now.
Respect is earned, honesty is appreciated, trust is gained, loyalty is returned.
You have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life.
Be an expert in anything, was once a beginner.
The only time you should ever look back is to see how far you've come.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
In the face of adversity, remember that diamonds are made under pressure.
Stay away from people who make you feel lonely.
No company is better than bad company.
Don't compare your life to others, you have no idea what their journey is all about.
No one is going to figure out your life, it's your responsibility.
The first step to getting anywhere is deciding you're not willing to stay where you are.
The true test of a man's character is what he does when no one is watching.
Don't go broke trying to impress broke people.
Avoid disappointment, expect nothing from nobody.
Do your best and trust the process.
The harder you work, the luckier you will get.
Life isn't fair, but it's still good.
Evil was not courageous, is enough to take risks, will accomplish nothing in life.
Do yourself a favor, get rich.
Life gets easier with money, not time.
If you are a giver, remember to learn your limits because the takers don't have any.
You have three choices in life: you can watch things happen, make things happen, or wonder what the hell happened.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.
If life were predictable, it would cease to be life and be without flavor.
Sometimes you have to let go of something good to make room for something better.
What other people think of you is none of your business.
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep rereading the last one.
Life is like a coin, you can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.
Practice self-compassion, we are all human and everyone makes mistakes.
Time heals almost everything, give it time.
You cannot change the direction of the wind, but you can adjust your sails to reach your destination.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
A river cuts through rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence.
The best view comes after the hardest climb.
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down.
Tough times don't last, but tough people do.
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
Focus on what you can control and let go of what you cannot.
I think there is only one quality worse than hardness of heart, and that is softness of head.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
Don't hit at all if it is honorably possible to avoid hitting, but never hit soft.
Do what you can with what you have, where you are.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience.
Better a broken promise than none at all.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary.
We should not, like sheep, follow the herd of creatures in front of us, making our way where others go, not where we ought to go.
We live only now, everything else is either past or is unknown.
You are lonely, not because no one needs you, but because you care about who is next to you.
We all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Think of yourself as dead, you have lived your life, now take what's left and live it properly.
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.
Your soul takes on the color of your thoughts.
Learn from who you were, appreciate who you've become, and carefully invest into who you want to be.
No regrets, just blessings.
No worries, just acceptance.
No expectations, just gratitude.
Life is too short.
The more you are interested in others, the more interesting they find you.
To be interesting, be interested.
We suffer more in imagination than in reality.
Forget what hurts you, but never forget what it taught you.
Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power.
Your direction is more important than your speed.
People change, love hurts, friends leave, things go wrong, but remember that life goes on.
Don't let anyone know what you're doing until it's done.
The only person that cares about your hopes and dreams is you.
The only person that is going to make them happen is you.
Never regret a day in your life.
Good days give happiness, bad days give experience, worse days give lessons, and best days give memories.
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish them.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
